---
post_url: 2014-12-12-Its.md
title: “It’s Really Cool To Be Here” - Thomas J Gamble
year: 2014
date: 2014-12-12
end_date: 
categories: visual
asset_folder: /assets/2014/2014-12-12
---
“It’s really cool to be here. It’s such a beautiful night, and there’s so many people here- the air is just alive- and I look at my magical tree,” said swimming coach Rachel Drosdick-Sigafoos, 29, who donated the spruce with her husband, Dan Sigafoos, 39, a lab technician.

*Taken from a FOX News interview at the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree lighting ceremony on Dec 3, the evening the Eric Garner protests began. One city block away, NYC Police and the National Guard stood in full riot gear to prevent protesters from interrupting the annual tradition.
†

“Art altogether is nothing but a survival skill, we should never lose sight of this fact. It is, time and again, just an attempt – an attempt that seems touching even to our intellect – to cope with this world and its revolting aspects, which, as we know, is invariably possible only by resorting to lies and falsehoods, to hypocrisy and self-deception, Reger said.”

-Thomas Bernhard, “Old Masters”
†

“I can’t breathe” x11

-Eric Garner
†

*The Allegory of the Frog

A frog was thrown into a pan of boiling water. “What do you take me for?” the frog said, jumping smartly out. “Some kind of shlemiel?”
The following day the frog was lowered gently, even lovingly, into a pan of lukewarm water. As the temperature was increased, one degree at a time, the frog luxuriated, floating lethargically on his back with his eyes closed, imagining himself at an exclusive spa.
“The is the life,” the frog said.
Relaxed in every joint, blissfully unaware, the frog allowed himself to be boiled to death.

-Howard Jacobson

http://thomasjgamble.com/