---
layout: post
post_url: 2014-11-14-Slow.md
title: Slow Grow - Tony Chrenka
year: 2014
date: 2014-11-14
end_date: 
categories: visual
asset_folder: /assets/2014/2014-11-14
---
wall: clay, polyurethane twine, straw, ball bearings, sand
hand formed

I am attempting to break away from Earth. Every day would be a new start. Each would be a first day of a bright life on a long summer solstice, with a body unrestricted. The Earth restricts us by providing us with limited the amount of space and material, and if we keep using them at this rate humans would surely need more than one Earth. It would be better to not have 4 or 5 Earths, and instead abandon our reliance on this planet all together. I have lowered my consumption of limited resources to become more sustainable. Zero emissions vehicles and LEED Platinum architecture help me lower my consumption of these resources. I am slowly starting to transcend. I spend less of the Earth’s resources through each of my actions, and since I am affecting less I am less worried with what I am doing. I can tread in any direction without leaving a trace of destruction, and so I do. My path is my own, uncompromised by the bounds of Earth.

The south wall is comprised solely of glass. It rises straight up out of the clay floor, reaches a point of 9 feet, and then leans back towards the north end of the house creating a slanted glass roof. Light funnels through the windows, the heat is captured in one big room. This room is warm year round, and can be distributed through the house by opening vents that allow it to flow from the sunlit south to the subterranean north end of the house. Rainwater filters through the north hills and cool the house in the summer. They also are naturally filtered through sedimentary layers, giving the home clean water reserves. Violent winds fly across the frosted plains, and then glide up and over the house into two wind turbines. Turbines power the lights system, illuminating the home on long winter nights.

http://www.tonychrenka.com/

