---
layout: post
post_url: 2015-07-24-Wyatt.md
title: Wyatt Niehaus - Listen, Baxter
year: 2015
date: 2015-07-24
end_date: 
categories: visual
asset_folder: /assets/2015/2015-07-24
---
S1 is pleased to present Listen, Baxter, an exhibition of new work from Wyatt Niehaus July 24 – August 13. For Listen, Baxter Niehaus continues his engagement with the intersection of technology and labor with his sculptural and video works.

For the video Baxter’s Eyes, Niehaus, with the assistance of the Flagfabrikken Center for Contemporary Art (Bergen Norway), brings together found footage from aboard the Oseberg Alpha oil rig off the coast of Norway and video of workers’ interactions with technological production and shipping of oil byproducts. Tying these bodies of labor together with the language of startup culture and technologically mediated affective expression, the work highlights the bodily, industrial, and robotic labor at play in the production of fossil fuels in the 21st century.

Alongside Baxter’s Eyes, acting as both audience to and extensions of the labor theory at play in Niehaus’ work are a group of sculptures composed of concrete bags and customized labels. They provide entrée for the 19th century Marxist theorist, Paul Lafargue’s notions of the eventual obsolescence of physical labor in response to technological intervention. As stand-ins for the utopian ideas of the industrial revolution, these sculptures populate the gallery as though spectators to a film about their own industrial origins.

Listen, Baxter will be on view at S1 from July 24th – August 13, 2015, with an opening reception on July 24 from 7 – 9 pm.

Wyatt Niehaus (b. 1989) lives and works in New York. Recent solo exhibitions include Lights Out – 2014 Interiors – Germany, Italy, UK at Retrospective Gallery, Hudson, NY, USA and Body Assembly at Weekends, Copenhagen, Denmark. He has participated in group exhibitions in Norway, France, New York, Austria, and Cincinnati. Wyatt has shown once previously in Portland in 2013 as part of a two person show with Olivia Erlanger at H. Klum Fine Art.
http://wyattniehaus.com/