---
post_url: 2015-05-28-Emily.md
title: Emily Jones - Orange House Action Clinic
year: 2015
date: 2015-05-28
end_date: 
categories: visual
asset_folder: /assets/2015/2015-05-28
---
To present an excerpted cosmology of things and beings is to acknowledge their forms as present within multiple spheres of political, spatial, and emotional resonance. When this project takes the form of an exhibition, we are shown a series of objects, images and texts that stand together in a radicalized and uncanny display of unified whole. The conjoined existence of objects within this space encounters the porous surfaces of beings’ ontologies in order to sink into the deeper, uncanny depths that they contain. The presentation of a cohabitation of depths thus becomes a means to test, reevaluate and reform our notions of interconnection and networked co-presence.

Orange House Action Clinic​re-qualifies the gallery as a space to be birthed into and out of, reconstructing the everyday action of entrance into a ceremonial passage. As purification frames the zone of viewership into an object to be examined in equal part to objects, the individual can be indoctrinated into the combinatorial logic/illogic on display. Contents of the gallery vessel reflect unto the viewer a personalized external reality built of consumables and the internalized political reality constructed of symbols.

Constellations are formed from the arrangement of points encompassed within other cosmologies; systems are placed into new directions of motion orbiting around each other. Intimacy, evolution, governance, and celestial bodies transverse notions of importance and worth to be presented within a symbiotic relationship of display.

emilyjones.info